http://flockhart.virtualave.net/afal/kpass.html

    Kobold Pass

On Eleasias 18, 1369
<http://flockhart.virtualave.net/afal/logs/log_Eleasias_18_1369.html>,
while looking for a hidden cave in a hidden pass, the party discovered a
fortified kobold village overlooking an occupied hidden cave in a hidden
pass. Most of their adventures and discoveries are explained in the log,
but here are some extra details.


      The Loot

In the kobold village and the cave beneath it, the party raked in the
following loot:

  * The kobold shaman's Magic Cooking Pot <#pot>
  * 3 vials of Potion of Shopping <#shop>
  * A folded map to a Shar shrine on the South face of the next mountain
    to the East. (The map did not make it clear what it was a map to,
    but AFAL investigated
    <http://flockhart.virtualave.net/afal/logs/log_Eleasias_20_1369.html>.)
  * 2 +1 Charged Daggers, 50 hits ea., which the party sold for 500gp each.
  * Makeup of Disguise (5 charges), which the party unloaded for 700gp
  * 3 backpacks containing:
      o 3 cloaks & outfits, old styles, nondescript mixed colors
      o 3 purses 
  * 6435.95gp, as follows:
      o 16385 CP
      o 11408 SP
      o 1213 EP
      o 912 OGP (.65 exchange rate)
      o 397 GP
      o 107 PP
      o 60 MP 
  * 777gp worth of cheap gems:
      o 4 5gp sardonyx
      o 2 5gp moss agate
      o 2 5gp rhodochrosite
      o 8 5gp crystal
      o 3 5gp malachite
      o 3 5gp bloodstone
      o 2 5gp tiger eye
      o 6 5gp malachite/azurite
      o 4 5gp onyx
      o 1 5gp sodalite
      o 2 5gp obsidian
      o 2 small 10gp chalcedony
      o 2 small 30gp citrine
      o 1 15gp bloodstone
      o 3 8gp malachite
      o 2 8gp moss agate
      o 3 9gp obsidian
      o 1 40gp carnelian
      o 3 70gp smokey quartz
      o 1 100gp amber
      o 1 80gp star rose quartz 


      The Cooking Pot

Among the most interesting items the party recovered was a magic cooking
pot, or cauldron, of about 1 gallon capacity. It is crudely cast iron
with runes gouged into the inner surface and comes with a tripod to hold
it and a decorated wooden spoon.

The party has learned that if you make a special soup in it, and a
spellcaster drinks from it with the spoon, the cauldron will function as
a crystal ball until the soup goes cold or cooks dry. However the
spellcaster must first make a saving throw. Those who fail their save
vs. poison are thrown into a delirious and incapacitated state for 3-12
hours. After that, they must make another save vs. poison or die. Those
who survive the second save will remember disjointed prophetic visions
that they experienced during the delirium.

The party learned what they believe to be the formula for the special
soup in the form of a poem:

    Half fill with water
    from a mountains north face,
    Add 3 newborn squirrels
    ground into paste.
    Two fists full of gimson weed
    roasted till dry,
    Over a fire of hemlock
    under black skies.
    Scallions and garlic,
    carrots and wormwood,
    Minced up and rubbed
    in oil of monks hood.
    Boil on a fire of laurel and willow,
    Put ash on your tongue
    and take a deep swallow.
    /(Translated from the original kobold./ 


      Potions of Shopping

The Potions of Shopping were another interesting find. The vials are
green glass with violet glass stoppers sealed with wax. Each is labeled
as follows:


  Original Mulophor Brand Potion of Shopping


    Accept No Substitutes

*Directions:* Grab your purse and drink it down!
/Approx. dur. 3 hours/

When Steve tried to identify the potions, the following message played
in his head:

    /Congratulations lucky shopper! You hold in your hand an Original
    Mulophor Brand Potion of Shopping! This, the greatest innovation in
    modern retail commerce puts the power of a total buyer convenience
    solution at your command. With this potion, you are freed from the
    tyrannies of distance, time and weather that plague the traditional
    shopping experience. No longer must you endure the inconvenience of
    traveling to the retailers location at a time of their choosing. Our
    shops are open all hours and you hold the answer to travel in your
    hand!

    Your total buyer convenience solution was created for our centenial
    celebration in this, the Year of Orange Snow. But remember, this is
    a vessel of personal empowerment and both the potion and our fair
    city will be ready for you whenever you choose to use it. And what a
    city it is! A marketplace that brings together merchants from all
    over the world, all with an active quality commitment, and yet every
    product we sell is totally duty free! A bazar beyond compare where
    many otherwise hard to find products, such as rare gems, unusual
    spell components, alchemical goods, exotic trained beasts and
    unusual amusements are readily available - and don't forget to
    sample one of our fine restaurants and peruse our unmatched
    collections of enchanted items.

    /

    /So put together your shopping list and the moment you're ready,
    drink it down. Just remember to bring your purse, because where
    you're going, you're sure to find plenty of good uses for it. /

Later identifies revealed that the potion would transport the drinker to
a preset location and then return him/her to the point of departure
several hours later.


Go Home <http://flockhart.virtualave.net/afal/afal.html>

